question.md, before:

# Questions

## Units

How many units do I take as first year cs student?
1st year cs units?
How many units does 1st year cs take?
how many units does 1st year computer science take?
How many units does 1st year Computer Science take?

## Prerequisites

Thesis Question
CS THS 1 and other course code questions
What's the prerequisite of purposive communication?
What is the prerequisite of moral recovery?
Prerequisite of Math in the Modern World?
Multimedia prerequisite?
Prerequistie of Math in the Modern World?
Modern World Prerequisite?

Pathfit prerequisite

## Create Random Subject/Course questions

What are the subjects in 1st year cs?
What are the courses in 1st year cs?
What subjects do 1st year cs take?
What courses do 1st year cs take?
What subjects are included in 1st year cs curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in 1st year computer science curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year computer science curriculum?
What subjects are included in 1st year Computer Science curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year Computer Science curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 1st semester cs curriculum?
What courses are included in the 1st year 1st semester cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 2nd semester cs curriculum?
What courses are included in the 1st year 2nd semester cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 1st semester computer science curriculum?
CS subjects?
CS courses?
Computer Science subjects?
Computer Science courses?
1st year cs subjects?
1st year cs courses?


### 

Bio handlings.

Multipel biology names, it's confusing. 

## Test

Question: BSCS subjects?
Answer: For Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, please specify a year level, for example '1st year Bachelor of Science in Computer Science subjects?' or '2nd year Bachelor of Science in Computer Science courses?'.

In here, I think it would be nice if it can sound more human. For example, it could tell, I could list you all the subjects for Bachelor of Science in Computer Science but that would be a wall of text. Would you like to check a specific year level instead? If yes, which year? And which term? Something along those lines of probing. If user answered no, then provide the full list. 

Is this possible? 

Question: BSBIO courses?
Question: BS BIO Courses?
Answer: Could you clarify what you need? Happy to help with prerequisites, unit loads, or department leadership.

For some reason, it didn't seem to understand or identify that BSBIO is Bachelor of Science in Biology, which is a program? 

Question: ABEL courses?
Question: BAEL courses?
It should already tell that it does not yet have the Bachelor of Arts in English Language program data. For the meantime, it should contact the head of language and literature department, something like that. 

Question : 1st year cs subjects?

Same as the 1st question. Should ask a probing question instead of providing a wall of text.

Also, whenever there is IMAT or IENG subject, it should include a note together with the link to the guidance to contact.

Commit message:

Fix: Finding #1
1. data_api.py
- update regex to allow optional spaces in codes and capture 2+ digis to catch invalid course codes
- strict priority logic in `find_course_any`:
- guard clause to prevent fuzzy matching on gibberish

2. app.py
- update regex to match `data_api` changes.
- update `handle_prereq` to detect Yes/No questions ("Does X require Y?") and prefix answers with "Yes, " or "No, " for a more natural tone.
- differentiate error messages for when a code pattern is detected but not found and general fallback when nothing is detected.

3. nlu_rules.py
- update regex to match `data_api` changes
- add specifci intent pattern for "Does [Course] require [Anything]?" questions

question.md, after:

# Questions

## Units

How many units do I take as first year cs student?
1st year cs units?
How many units does 1st year cs take?
how many units does 1st year computer science take?
How many units does 1st year Computer Science take?

## Prerequisites

Thesis Question
CS THS 1 and other course code questions
What's the prerequisite of purposive communication?
What is the prerequisite of moral recovery?
Prerequisite of Math in the Modern World?
Multimedia prerequisite?
Prerequistie of Math in the Modern World?
Modern World Prerequisite?

Pathfit prerequisite

## Create Random Subject/Course questions

What are the subjects in 1st year cs?
What are the courses in 1st year cs?
What subjects do 1st year cs take?
What courses do 1st year cs take?
What subjects are included in 1st year cs curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in 1st year computer science curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year computer science curriculum?
What subjects are included in 1st year Computer Science curriculum?
What courses are included in 1st year Computer Science curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 1st semester cs curriculum?
What courses are included in the 1st year 1st semester cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 2nd semester cs curriculum?
What courses are included in the 1st year 2nd semester cs curriculum?
What subjects are included in the 1st year 1st semester computer science curriculum?
CS subjects?
CS courses?
Computer Science subjects?
Computer Science courses?
1st year cs subjects?
1st year cs courses?

What's the prerequisite of CC 111? 
What are the prerequisite of CC 123
What are the prerequisite of CC 111 L/L
What's the prerequisite of CC 111 L/L
What are the prerequisite of CC 111 L/L
What's the prerequisite of CC 123?
What's the prerequisite of CC 123 L/L
Prerequisites for CC 111
Check CC 123 prerequisites

# Findings

1. Finding 1 fixed
